{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Programming Unity License 10.42\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 SPDX: Programming-Unity-10.42\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Purpose\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This license gives everyone as much permission to work with this software as possible, while protecting contributors from liability.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Acceptance\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 In order to receive this license, you must agree to its rules. The rules of this license are both obligations under that agreement and conditions to your license. You must not do anything with this software that triggers a rule that you cannot or will not follow.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Copyright\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Each contributor licenses you to do everything with this software that would otherwise infringe that contributor's copyright in it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Rules\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You may only exercise your license in countries with green ticks in the following columns on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_rights_by_country_or_territory"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
LGBT Rights By Country or Territory
}}}
 page on Wikipedia.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Same-sex marriage\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Same-sex sexual activity\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Adoption by same-sex couples\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Recognition of same-sex unions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab LGB people allowed to serve openly in military\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Anti-discrimination laws concerning sexual orientation\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ticks must be visible for 30 continuous days to be considered valid.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Ethics\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You may only exercise your license if you and your organisation follow, or are striving to follow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ethics.acm.org/code-of-ethics/software-engineering-code"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
The Software Engineering Code of Ethics and Professional Practice
}}}
 and any future updates. The document must be re-read every year on or around your birthday where the year is divisible by three or five.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Interoperation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Where the licensed software interoperates with "Artificial Intelligence" it may only be used when the use is compliant, or is striving to become compliant with these {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.industry.gov.au/data-and-publications/building-australias-artificial-intelligence-capability/ai-ethics-framework/ai-ethics-principles"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
AI Ethics
}}}
 or similar comprehensive frameworks designed to protect {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tech.humanrights.gov.au/human-rights"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Human Rights
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Notices\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You must ensure that everyone who gets a copy of any part of this software from you, with or without changes, also gets the text of this license.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Excuse\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If anyone notifies you in writing that you have not complied with notices, you can keep your license by taking all practical steps to comply within 180 days after the notice. If you do not do so, your license ends immediately.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Patent\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Each contributor licenses you to do everything with this software that would otherwise infringe any patent claims they can license or become able to license.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Reliability\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 No contributor can revoke this license.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 No Liability\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\i As far as the law allows, this software comes as is, without any warranty or condition, and no contributor will be liable to anyone for any damages related to this software or this license, under any kind of legal claim.}}\par}
